like to ask humbly for permission for
our senior rabbi the distinguished rabbi
moshe drove back to say the words of
greeting we bless the president
the inscription I made this gift could
be a token of gratitude for the
sweetness and love you have extended to
Jews and all mankind on behalf of New
York USA the president is of the world
leaders who was exemplary in his
comprehension and understanding totally
the difference between Judaism the
spirituality the religion the servitude
and subservience to God and the
antithetical concept of Zionism which is
a materialism godless in its essence and
a goal just for nationalism and which is
something forbidden clearly and
distinctly by the Torah Judaism requires
of the Jewish people to be humble to be
loyal citizens in every country in where
the residing Zionism started a hundred
years ago and from its inception from
its beginning all the rabbinic
authorities were in opposition only by
because of the Holocaust the death of so
many leaders that the Jews unfortunately
fell prey to the power of Zionism and
they became leaderless many leaders who
died that we had didn't have people to
lead us the few leaders that did who
remained true to the Torah whether it
was in Palestine whether throughout the
world continued and still to today stand
up and are true to the Torah and oppose
my anism as untold many Jews throughout
the world and in Palestine staying true
in opposition to die anism truth to the
total truth to our friendship to all the
Muslim leaders and the Muslim people and
the it's the the ones who unfortunately
the we call them the sheet the who
unfortunately who fell prey to XY's and
it's simply because of the weakness of
what they've seen of they lost relatives
and things like that have made them fall
prey to this onslaught of propaganda but
it's not Judaism and again we stressed
that the president should be know for a
fact that there is many many really
untold thousands and thousands and just
an untold number as you would travel
around the world who are really true to
the Torah and will never fall for this
concept of Zionism we all pray for the
speedy and peaceful dismantle in the
state so we can again live in peace as
we have for hundreds of years without
any more suffering the bloodshed for any
of God's creation as in Iran we have
this beautiful Jewish community that's
been living there for thousands of years
god bless president Ahmed intention
again but I wish a good health and also
loose I ever success in your life was to
your video energy America prohibit the
poor should should know this fact that
we will be remained together
I shall we
I wish this wish
much success concept each other
yes
the pleasure an honor to meet such a
strong believer in no money
look
you